two hi this is Rachel with your trainer
to Tuesday of the week um today I'm
going to be going through a few yoga
inversions um it is cold and flu season
so these are going to help you um with
some n nasal
drainage so I'm going to be using a
black to help me um it's going to help
relax the neck and the throat area to um
increase maximum release if you don't
have a block you can stack up some books
or whatever you have or just not use
anything that's totally fine
so first thing we're going to start with
is a little child's pose very basic so
setting that block down to rest your
forehead on you want your knees about
the width of your mat big toes touching
let your hips sink back and start to
walk the hands out just in front of the
block resting the forehead
down and letting the elbows come out to
the side
there and then as you breathe releasing
down letting everything kind of soften
taking as big a deep breaths as you can
um holding there for about three or four
minutes in in each of these poses so
from your child's pose pressing into the
Palms curling the toes under and lifting
into your dump dog here you can use the
block as well Walking The Palms forward
just a little bit to
create that bend to let your forehead
come down allowing the neck to relax so
from here you want to walk the toes
forward just to the width of the block
here take a big inhale inhale to reach
up releasing the arms walk the feet nice
and wide you can also turn to the side
of your mat preparing for a
standing straddle so toes slightly
inward feet nice and wide about four
feet take a big inhale reach up exhale
to Swan KN down finding a nice fold
letting the head start to drop you can
use your block here to rest the
forehead if you have the flexibility you
can let the head come all the way down
here um planting The Palms on either
side of the block either side of the
head and if you have even a flexibility
you can walk your hands back releasing
all the way
down from here start to Tokyo those feet
together take a little half lift
flattening out the back to your monkey
and release to your final pose of the
series here at forward
fold so allowing that body to hang heavy
you can use the black if you're able to
reach that with your
head again to create that
release and once you're ready taking a
Bend rolling up taking a big shoulder
Circle A couple more big deep breaths um
it's recommended to sit down and breathe
just focus on that focus on that release
and that let go